[AC-3395] Support aria attributes as alternative to label in ListItemGroup (#3052)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/clever-icons-change.md

---
"@sumup-oss/circuit-ui": patch
---

> Changed the `label` prop of ListItemGroup component to be optional to allow providing context via aria attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allowed more flexibility on the accessibility requirements of the ListItemGroup component by making the `label` prop optional and accepting `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby` attributes as alternatives to provide context.
```

Author: That's just perfect, thank you! 🙏
